Update the document, ignore the IDE files (#3)
scalar-labs/scalardb-samples: README.md

# Scalar DB Server Samples

> This repository contains a sample application that uses Scalar DB server, a gRPC server that implements Scalar DB interface, as a backend. For using the native `Scalar DB` library, please refer to [Getting Started](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a sample application that uses Scalar DB server, a gRPC server that implements Scalar DB interface, as a backend. For using the native Scalar DB library, please refer to [Getting Started](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started.md).
```

- Gradle
- Docker, Docker Compose

## Set up
### Scalar DB server

> - In this sample, we will use Cassandra as storage for Scalar DB server. The configuration of Scalar DB server is shown below. (It is also stored in [database.properties](./database.properties))

Reviewer: As I said, bullet points should not be used for this kind of explanation.
(It should be used to list items/actions in the same level)
Please fix other parts as well.

# The type of the transaction manager
scalar.db.transaction_manager=grpc
```

> - Setting up Scalar DB schema: As mentioned in [Getting started with Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-scalardb.md) storing and retrieving data in `Scalar DB` can be done using either the `storage` or the `transaction` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you apply the database schema of the sample application as shown below. (It is stored in [emoney-storage-schema.json](./src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json))
Note that this case uses non-transactional mode (storage mode) since `transaction` key is set to false.
```

>     - Our storage schema is  [emoney-storage-schema.json](./src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      ```
      {
        "emoney_storage.account": {
          "transaction": false,
          "partition-key": [
            "id"
          ],
          "clustering-key": [],
          "columns": {
            "id": "TEXT",
            "balance": "INT"
          }
        }
      }
      ```

>   to register schema to our Cassandra instance we run the following command:

Reviewer: We shouldn't continue the sentence like this.

```suggestion
You then apply the schema with the following command. Please note that `scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar` is the schema registration tool that can be found in [release](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/releases) of Scalar DB. Please select 3.1.0 or higher since Scalar DB server support is added in 3.1.0.

```

    ```

>     java -jar tools/scalar-schema-standalone-3.1.0.jar --cassandra -h localhost -u cassandra -p cassandra -f src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    java -jar tools/scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar --cassandra -h localhost -u cassandra -p cassandra -f src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json
```
I think we shouldn't specify the exact version for maintainability. Otherwise, the doc's version also needs to be managed.

    ```

>   Please note that `scalar-schema-standalone-3.1.0.jar` is the schema registration tool that can be found in [release](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/releases) of `Scalar DB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     - In case using transaction, our schema looks like [emoney-transaction-schema.json](src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a transactional schema by setting `trasaction` to true. (The updated schema is stored in [emoney-transaction-schema.json](src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json))
```

      ```
      {
        "emoney_transaction.account": {
          "transaction": true,
          "partition-key": [
            "id"
          ],
          "clustering-key": [],
          "columns": {
            "id": "TEXT",
            "balance": "INT"
          }
        }
      }
      ```

>   and the registering command is

Reviewer: You can apply the schema in the same way as above.

    ```

>     java -jar tools/scalar-schema-standalone-3.1.0.jar --cassandra -h localhost -u cassandra -p cassandra -f src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    java -jar tools/scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar --cassandra -h localhost -u cassandra -p cassandra -f src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json
```

# The type of the transaction manager
scalar.db.transaction_manager=grpc
```
Setting up Scalar DB schema: As mentioned in [Getting started with Scalar DB](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/getting-started-with-scalardb.md) storing and retrieving data in `Scalar DB` can be done using either the `storage` or the `transaction` mode.

Now you apply the database schema of the sample application as shown below. (It is stored in [emoney-storage-schema.json](./src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json)).

> Note that this case uses non-transactional mode (storage mode) since `transaction` key is set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you use non-transactional schema (storage mode) since `transaction` key is set to false.
```

      
```
{
  "emoney_storage.account": {
    "transaction": false,
    "partition-key": [
      "id"
    ],
    "clustering-key": [],
    "columns": {
      "id": "TEXT",
      "balance": "INT"
    }
  }
}
```

> You then apply the schema with the following command. Please note that `scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar` is the schema registration tool that can be found in [release](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/releases) of Scalar DB. Please select 3.1.0 or higher since Scalar DB server support is added in 3.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You then apply the schema with the following command. Please note that `scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar` is the schema tool that can be found in [releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/releases) of Scalar DB. Please select 3.1.0 or higher since Scalar DB server support is added in 3.1.0.
```

```
java -jar tools/scalar-schema-standalone-<version>.jar --cassandra -h localhost -u cassandra -p cassandra -f src/main/resources/emoney-storage-schema.json
```

> You can create a transactional schema by setting `trasaction` to true. (The updated schema is stored in [emoney-transaction-schema.json](src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a transaction-enabled schema by setting `transaction` to true. (The updated schema is stored in [emoney-transaction-schema.json](src/main/resources/emoney-transaction-schema.json))
```
